FPDI PDF-Parser Commercial Developer License Agreement 

V1.0 – 10/2009 

THIS DOCUMENT IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT (the "License Agreement") BETWEEN 
Setasign – Jan Slabon ("We", “Us") AND YOU OR THE ORGANIZATION ON 
WHOSE BEHALF YOU ARE UNDERTAKING THE LICENSE DESCRIBED BELOW ("You") IN 
RELATION TO THE PHP SOFTWARE (THE "Software"), IN BOTH SOURCE AND OBJECT 
CODE FORM, AND/OR ALL RELATED MATERIALS. BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, 
COPYING OR OTHERWISE USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ACCEPT THE FOLLOWING TERMS 
AND CONDITIONS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF THE TERMS OR CONDITIONS 
OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT, DO NOT PROCEED WITH THE DOWNLOADING, COPYING, 
INSTALLATION OR ANY OTHER USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR ANY PORTION THEREOF. 
THE SOFTWARE IS PROTECTED BY GERMAN COPYRIGHT LAWS AND INTERNATIONAL 
COPYRIGHT LAWS, AS WELL AS OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY LAWS AND 
TREATIES. THE SOFTWARE IS LICENSED, NOT SOLD. 

THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT DESCRIBES YOUR RIGHTS WITH RESPECT TO THE 
SOFTWARE AND ITS COMPONENTS. We, Setasign – Jan Slabon, grant you a 
non-exclusive, non-transferable license to the Software solely as set 
forth in sections 1(a), 1(b), 1(c) or 1(d) as applicable, and subject to 
the terms and conditions of this License Agreement. 

1. OWNERSHIP, LICENSE GRANT This is a license agreement and not an 
agreement for sale. We reserve ownership of all intellectual property 
rights inherent in or relating to the Software, which include, but are 
not limited to, all copyright, patent rights, all rights in relation to 
registered and unregistered trademarks (including service marks), 
confidential information (including trade secrets and know-how) and all 
rights other than those expressly granted by this Agreement. 

a. Developer License: 

Subject to the payment of the fee required for a Commercial Developer 
License and subject to the terms and conditions of this License 
Agreement, We grant to You a revocable, non-transferable and 
non-exclusive license (i) for a single developer within Your 
organization to install and use the Software on any workstations used 
exclusively by such developer and (ii) for You to install and use the 
Software in connection with unlimited domains and sub-domains on 
unlimited servers, solely in connection with distribution of the 
Software in accordance with sections 3 and 4 below. This license is not 
sub-licensable except as explicitly set forth herein. 

b. Team License: 

Subject to the payment of the fee required for a Commercial Developer 
License and subject to the terms and conditions of this License 
Agreement, We grant to You a revocable, non-transferable and 
non-exclusive license (i) for up to five(5) developers within Your 
organization to install and use the Software on any workstations used 
exclusively by such developers and (ii) for You to install and use the 
Software in connection with unlimited domains and sub-domains on 
unlimited servers, solely in connection with distribution of the 
Software in accordance with sections 3 and 4 below. This license is not 
sub-licensable except as explicitly set forth herein. 

c. Workgroup License: 

Subject to the payment of the fee required for a Commercial Developer 
License and subject to the terms and conditions of this License 
Agreement, We grant to You a revocable, non-transferable and 
non-exclusive license (i) for up to twenty five (25) developers within 
Your organization to install and use the Software on any workstations 
used exclusively by such developers and (ii) for You to install and use 
the Software in connection with unlimited domains and sub-domains on 
unlimited servers, solely in connection with distribution of the 
Software in accordance with sections 3 and 4 below. This license is not 
sub-licensable except as explicitly set forth herein. 

d. Enterprise License: 

Subject to the payment of the fee required for a Commercial Developer 
License and subject to the terms and conditions of this License 
Agreement, We grant to You a revocable, non-transferable and 
non-exclusive license (i) for up to one hundred (100) developers within 
Your organization to install and use the Software on any workstations 
used exclusively by such developers and (ii) for You to install and use 
the Software in connection with unlimited domains and sub-domains on 
unlimited servers, solely in connection with distribution of the 
Software in accordance with sections 3 and 4 below. This license is not 
sub- licensable except as explicitly set forth herein. 

2. PERMITTED USES, SOURCE CODE, MODIFICATIONS 

We provide you with source code so that You can create Modifications of 
the original Software, where Modification means: a) any addition to or 
deletion from the contents of a file included in the original Software 
or previous Modifications created by you, or b) any new file that 
contains any part of the original Software or previous Modifications. 
While you retain all rights to any original work authored by you as part 
of the Modifications, We continue to own all copyright and other 
intellectual property rights in the Software. 

3. DISTRIBUTION 

You may distribute the Software in any applications, frameworks, or 
elements that you develop using the Software in accordance with this 
License Agreement, provided that such distribution does not violate the 
restrictions set forth in section 4 of this agreement. You must not 
remove, obscure or interfere with any copyright, acknowledgment, 
attribution, trademark, warning or disclaimer statement affixed to, 
incorporated in or otherwise applied in connection with the Software. 

You are required to ensure that the Software is not reused by or with 
any applications other than those with which you distribute it as 
permitted herein. For example, if you install the Software on a 
customer's server, that customer is not permitted to use the Software 
independently of your application, and must be informed as such. 

You will not owe Setasign GmbH & Co. KG any royalties for your
distribution of the Software in accordance with this License Agreement. 

4. PROHIBITED USES 

You may not, without prior written consent of Setasign – Jan Slabon, 
redistribute the Software or Modifications other than by including the 
Software or a portion thereof within Your own product, which must have 
substantially different functionality than the Software or Modifications 
and must not allow any third party to use the Software or Modifications, 
or any portions thereof, for software development purposes. You are 
explicitly not allowed to redistribute the Software or Modifications as 
part of any product that can be described as a development toolkit or 
library or is intended for use by software developers and not end-users. 
You are not allowed to redistribute any part of the Software 
documentation. 

You may not: a) use any part of the Software or Modifications or Your 
knowledge of the Software (or any information that You learn as a result 
of Your use of the Software) to create a product with the same or 
substantially the same functionality as the Software; b) transfer, rent, 
lease, or sub-license the Software or Modifications, or any portions 
thereof; c) change or remove the copyright notice from any of the files 
included in the Software or Modifications. 

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES MAY YOU USE THE SOFTWARE (INCLUDING WITHOUT 
LIMITATION THE SOURCE CODE THEREOF) AS THE BASIS FOR OR IN CONNECTION 
WITH A PRODUCT THAT CONTAINS THE SAME, OR SUBSTANTIALLY THE SAME, 
FUNCTIONALITY AS THE SOFTWARE. 

5. TERMINATION 

This License Agreement and Your right to use the Software and 
Modifications will terminate immediately without notice if you fail to 
comply with the terms and conditions of this License Agreement. Upon 
termination, You agree to immediately cease using and destroy the 
Software or Modifications, including all accompanying documents. The 
provisions of sections 4, 5, 6, 7, and 8 will survive any termination of 
this License Agreement. 

6. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES 

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, Setasign – Jan 
Slabon, HIS SUBSIDIARYS, AND HIS SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND 
CONDITIONS, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, 
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, 
TITLE AND NON- INFRINGEMENT, WITH REGARD TO THE SOFTWARE. Setasign – 
Jan Slabon, DOES NOT GUARANTEE THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE WILL 
BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, AND YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT IT IS NOT 
TECHNICALLY PRACTICABLE FOR Setasign – Jan Slabon, TO DO SO. 

7. LIMITATION OF LIABILITIES 

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL 
Setasign – Jan Slabon, HIS SUBSIDIARYS, OR HIS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR 
ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER 
(INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, 
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION OR ANY OTHER 
PECUNIARY LAW) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE 
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF Setasign GmbH & Co. KG, HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN ANY CASE, Setasign GmbH & Co. KG ENTIRE
LIABILITY UNDER ANY PROVISION OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED 
TO THE GREATER OF THE AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU FOR THE SOFTWARE OR 
FIVE (5) Euro (€). 

8. MISCELLANEOUS 

The license granted herein applies only to the version of the Software 
downloaded or installed in connection with the terms of this Agreement. 
Any previous or subsequent license granted to You for use of the 
Software shall be governed by the terms and conditions of the agreement 
entered in connection with downloading or installation of that version 
of the Software. 

You agree that you will comply with all applicable laws and regulations 
with respect to the Software, including without limitation all export 
and re-export control laws and regulations. 

While redistributing the Software or Modifications thereof, you may 
choose to offer acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or other 
liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this Agreement. 
However, in accepting such obligations, you may act only on your own 
behalf and on your sole responsibility, not on our behalf. You agree to 
indemnify, defend, and hold Us harmless from and against any liability 
incurred by, or claims asserted against, Us by reason of your accepting 
any such support, warranty, indemnity or additional liability. 

The parties agree that in respect of all legal matters arising in the 
context of the contract, the law of the Federal Republic of Germany 
shall apply, to the exclusion of the UN Convention on Contracts for the 
International Sale of Goods. 

To the extent that the licensee is a businessman as defined in the 
Handelsgesetzbuch (German Commercial Code), a legal person under public 
law or a separate public law entity Braunschweig is agreed as the place 
of jurisdiction for all disputes arising in the context of the contract. 

You may not assign this License Agreement without the prior written 
consent of Setasign GmbH & Co. KG. This License Agreement will inure to
the benefit of the successors and assigns of Setasign GmbH & Co. KG. You
acknowledge that this License Agreement is complete and is the exclusive 
representation of our agreement. No oral or written information given by 
Us or on our behalf shall create a warranty or collateral contract, or 
in any way increase the scope of this License Agreement in any way, and 
you may not rely on any such oral or written information. 

If any provision in this License Agreement shall be determined to be 
invalid, such provision shall be deemed omitted; the remainder of this 
License Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. This License 
Agreement may be modified only by a written instrument signed by an 
authorized representative of each party. 

